Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
The state of messages has advanced.
Did Ji Won get to be partners with the person she likes?
Even I, the teacher, am curious.
From my childhood when I wrote a diary to share...
Seung Yu ❤️ Ji Won
To drawing a heart with his name.
What is that? You didn't draw her glasses, and I have two buns.
I'm not doing it.
Teokbokki?
Cheers!
And even the countless inscriptions left on the walls of our regular shop.
Why aren't you contacting me? Where are you?
Have you eaten?  Answer me!
Are you with someone? Are you busy?? Look at your messages~
What happened to meeting today? Why can't I get in touch with you? Where are you?
Like an intellectual once said, rather than an inner monologue,
it is more like a cry.
Lee Hye Ryeong
This silent cry, which seems meaningless,
exerts much greater influence than you expect.
Hye Ryeong, aren't you coming?
Lee Hye Ryeong!
Go ahead. I have to find something.
We'll go ahead then.
This is why we're still obsessed with status messages.
Episode 9: A Love Affair
Yes, Writer Seo?
A boyfriend who gets anxious and tells me when he doesn't like something...
I don't have one.
You see, my phone is on speaker mode right now.
Writer Seo Ji Won
Followers
Ayoung_0_0++
Welcome!
I am Lee Hye Ryeong.
I guess you already know me.
No. I just guessed.
I am curious as to how you found me.
I saw on your social media that you are a regular customer here.
- So I thought I'd wait until you came.  - That's reckless.
I'm desperate.
I'll just ask you.
What is your relationship with Oppa Seung Yu?
That is...
something you should ask Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu personally.
You shouldn't have come to me.
I have no intention of breaking up with Oppa Seung Yu.
So if you are dating Oppa Seung Yu,
you should stop first.
It's been an year since I met Oppa Seung Yu.
He was my senior, but I fell in love at first sight and chased him.
You really don't have to explain that me.
Oppa and I... we were great
until you appeared.
I didn't know about you.
Lee Seung Yu never told me about you.
Now you know it clearly.
So stop now.
If you let go, then Oppa won't hold onto you.
He's that kind of person.
He must have just been curious about you.
Don't you know that having this kind of conversation is uncomfortable?
So what?
I am uncomfortable with just the existence of you.
I wanted to take care of this because I don't want this to become a big issue later.
Big issue?
So that you don't get the wrong idea that Oppa Seung Yu loves you.
Betting your life on love,
it'll only make it harder for you both later on.
Unlike you, I'm not at an age to bet my life on love.
Is age important when you love someone?
Or do you just want to believe you're in control of your life?
We should have a party today.
What should I do?
I've made plans with my friends today.
Sorry.
Why is it so hot?
I wish some refreshing rain would come down.
Why is this coffee so bitter?
It's hot.
You're so cute. Why does Lee Ran Ju not like you?
Maybe not anymore.
Huh?
Did you... yesterday... the two of you?
You must have had a great night.
Someone is filming love and war over there, and another is filming a melodrama.
The world is really something.
But why does she have so much to say?
Trash that is not even recyclable.
Aigoo.
Why did you make the coffee so bitter?
You made the coffee.
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu is the one in charge of my work.
Does that mean you will keep meeting him?
I will have to meet him through work.
Can you go now?
This is a disturbance for my friend's shop.
If I spoiled your mood, I'm sorry.
Tell your friend that I am sorry too.
But...
did you really not know me?
Lee Hye Ryeong
Who's calling at this hour?
I'll call you back later.
I'm busy with work right now. I'll call you back later.
Or did you just pretend not to know?
Or...
you didn't want to know.
Now you know clearly, right? Incoming call: Oppa Seung Yu
Yes, Oppa.
Yes, I'm out now.
It's okay.
Okay.
The truth I knowingly ignored...
I knew, so why...
Breathe out. Good! In.
Ran Ju, you're doing great!
Breathe out.
Really good, Ran Ju!
Wow, good. Really good.
- Is there something good happening these days?  - Why?
Your body let me know.
Bodies don't lie.
Since you're in a good mood, I want to make it better.
Something better? What?
A blind date. There is this really good person.
I think he'd suit you really well.
A blind date is a bit...
Why? Are you dating someone?
No, it's not like that.
Then meet him once. He's a really nice person.
Really!
I have no intention of breaking up with Oppa Seung Yu.
So if you are dating Oppa Seung Yu,
you should stop first.
If you let go, then Oppa won't hold onto you.
He's that kind of person.
He must have just been curious about you.
Did you really not know me?
Or did you just pretend not to know?
Or...
you didn't want to know.
Incoming call: Oppa Seung Yu
Now you know clearly, right?
Yes, Oppa.
Are you okay?
Huh?
I thought you would tear each other's hair out like you were fighting in the UFC.
Let's go out.
You trust me, right?
Come with me.
- Ah, it's spicy.  - I feel like my tongue is being ripped apart.
- But it's... so tasty!  - So tasty!
There's nothing like tteokbokki for stress.
Indeed, you know your stuff.
We should have called Ran Ju too.
She is in a different league than us right now.
There's no way she'd be craving something spicy right now.
- If that's the case...  - Let's focus on this.
Oh, it's spicy!
Whenever you call, I'll come running to you like this.
I love you.
Things have been hectic for me since they've been reorganizing things at work recently.
To meet a guy right now is a bit...
He's a really great person though.
Sorry. I know you were thinking of me.
Hyeong Jun Yeong
Hello.
Oh! It's my love, Miss Ran Ju.
Hey, are you really going to keep sending me these messages? It's annoying.
Sorry.
What for?
It probably all came back to you after seeing me today.
Memories of Kim Byeong Ho and that woman.
Of course I thought of them.
But that girl really is something.
She actually came looking for you.
She's desperate.
Maybe I wasn't desperate then?
Why? Do you regret it?
No. Not at all.
What about you?
Are you hurt?
I don't know.
Since when did Seo Ji Won become the star of a scandal?
When I didn't even know.
That's how scandals start.
So what are you going to do now?
I should put an end to it.
We didn't see each other for that long anyway.
Since breaking up with Kim Jin Woo, he's the first guy you've dated in two years.
Will you really be okay?
Why is it like this every time?
At first,
I thought the men who hurt me were the problem.
That...
I'd just met men who were trash.
But now,
I feel like I've become a trash can.
A trash can that's
filled with dirty trash.
When love passes, I thought it would fade like a watercolor.
Do you... like me?
Your gaze right now...
It confuses me.
But my heart kept adding colors on top.
I thought I'd only liked Ji Won.
I like you, Seo Ji Won. I think I like you.
I like you too.
But then I realized what we had was love.
This feels really nice, Seo Ji Won.
Thanks for coming though.
I can't let go of Seo Ji Won.
Ji Won.
♫ The love you seek ♫
♫ I wasn't able to be that person ♫
♫ I hoped they weren't better than me ♫
I love you, Seo Ji Won.
♫ What should I do? What should I do? ♫
All I need is you.
♫ Should I let you go ♫
♫ The love I started on my own ♫
I couldn't let go of this relationship even though I knew.
♫ I should forget you ♫
I love you.
♫ From behind you ♫
We call that a...
♫ So you couldn't hear ♫
♫ I asked you in a quiet voice ♫
love affair.
♫ Just come to me. Just come to me. ♫
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
♫ You'll be just as hurt as me ♫
How To Be Thirty
It sounds like you're asking me to step aside.
I couldn't get any work done because someone suddenly came looking for me.
I'm curious about what kind of a person you are, Miss Ran Ju.
We can start anytime.
- I guess you're fond of drinking.  - Rather than analyzing my private life,
you should analyze "Psycho Bride" instead, Director Cha Do Hoon.
I did that only because I thought you felt the same I did.
Any break-up has its own set of steps and procedures.